Update indicator-manage.md (#7254)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/indicator-manage.md

action|Enum|The action that will be taken if the indicator will be discovered in the organization. Possible values are: "Alert", "AlertAndBlock", and "Allowed". **Required**
title|String|Indicator alert title. **Required**
description|String| Description of the indicator. **Required**

> expirationTime|DateTimeOffset|The expiration time of the indicator in the following format YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.0Z. The indicator gets deleted if the expiration time passes and whatever happens at the expiration time occur at the second. **Optional**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expirationTime|DateTimeOffset|The expiration time of the indicator in the following format YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.0Z. The indicator gets deleted if the expiration time passes and whatever happens at the expiration time occurs at the seconds (SS) value. **Optional**
```
